# Minor Child Agreement and Waver

> The undersigned parent (or legal guardian) of ______________________ , a
> minor child, herby consents to participation of said child in all
> Super Awesome Cool activities (Programs(s)), including but not limited
> to, [x] and field trips with our without transportation provided by
> Super Awesome Cool. I do hereby acknowledge and agree that the named
> minor child must be ____ (__) years old or older to participated in any
> Program. In the event that the minor child should sustain emergency injuries
> or illness while participating in the programs, I do hear by
> authorized Super Awesome Cool to administer, or cause to be
> administered such first aid or other treatment as may be necessary
> under the circumstances, to include treatment by a physician or
> hospital if the parent or guardian is not available. Any such firs aid
> or treatment is expressly limited to emergency situations and is
> expressly understood that, except as provided herein, Super Awesome Cool 
> will not provide, or be responsible for the provision of, medicine of
> any kind to the minor child.

> In consideration of the services to be performed by Super Awesome Cool and the
> participation of the minor child in Programs, the parent/legal guardian, on
> behalf of himself an the minor child, their heirs, assigns and agents does
> hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Super Awesome Cool, it's
> employees, officers, agents, servants and volunteers from and against any and
> all claims demands or liability for loss, expense, damage or injury of any
> nature, kind or amount whatsoever to person or property resulting in any way
> form or fashion and arising directly or indirectly from or connected with any
> and all participation in the Programs. I further authorize agree and consent
> to the use by Super Awesome Cool or its assigns and agents, of any
> photographs, recordings, video or pictures of any kind depicting the minor
> child participating in the Programs.

Initial: ___ I have received and will read the information contained in the
2009 camp manual which includes the registration and payment policy. I will
review this information with my child and we will abide by the polices set by
Super Awesome Cool.