# Registration

Super Awesome Cool program participants under the age of 18 ***must*** have a
waiver signed by a parent or legal guardian. Court sealed guardianship papers
or notarized Power of Attorney forms are acceptable forms of legal
guardianship. Stepparents, grandparents, etc., without and acceptable form of
documentation, will not be allowed to register under-age participants. If
there are any changes in your family's information during the camp, please let
us know so we may update our records.

# Fees


Weekly/Child

* 1st Child - $70.00
* 2nd Child - $65.0
* 3rd or More - $60.00

Each child picked up after 6pm is subject to a late fee: The time of pickup is
noted by the Supervisor on duty and is official Super Awesome Cool time.

6:01 - 6:15pm -- you owe $10.00/child
6:16 - 6:30pm -- you owe $20.00/child
6:31 - 6:45pm -- you owe $30.00/child
6:46 - 7:00pm -- you owe $40.00/child

Late fees must be paid at the time of pick up and is payable directly to to
the counselor. Determination of the late fees will be based on the Super
Awesome Cool time clock. We understand that some situations, such as traffic
or emergencies, are beyond your control. Unfortunately, we have to charge a
late fee on ***ALL*** late pick-ups, no exceptions. Please make sure you have
people listed on your child's registration card that you authorized to pick up
your child if you are running late.


## Refunds and Transfers

Requests for refunds or transfers are limited to ***family or medical
emergecies or summer school ONLY*** and need to be submitted in writing along
with the appropriate documentation. A $10.00 administratoive fee will be
retained from all refunds.

***We will not issue refunds or transfers for suspension or expulson. No
Exception.***

# Hours of Operation

[% Hours Table %]

# Sign In and Sign Out

All youth campers must be **signed in** and **out** by their
parents/guardians. Teen campers may sign themselves in but must be signed out
by an adult listed on their card. Sign out is for the safety of all the
children. if there is ANY chance of someone picking up your child the MUSt be
listed on the registration card.

***NO CAMPER WILL BE RELEASED TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT LISTED ON THE
REGISTRATION CARD***

**We require photo I.D. from everyone picking up a camper. Make sure you have
your I.D . ready.** 

# What to Wear and What to Bring

During a typical camp day, group swill rotate indoors and outdoors through
variety of activities. It is recommended that your child wear old clothing due
to the arts and crafts nature of our program. Hats are encouraged for outdoor
activities. If your child(ren) has brought extra clothing, towels, etc.
please be sure to take them home daily.

**Please give your child a water bottle with your child's name written on i
tin permanent ink.** We want to be sure all campers stay properly hydrated in
the summer heat.

**For the safey and well being of all, participants in the summer camp
programs will follow the guidelines set below:**

1. All clothing shall be neat, clean and acceptable in repair and appearance
   and shall be worn within the bounds of decency and good taste.
2. Articles of clothing which display profanity, products or slogans which
   promote controlled substances, are sexual in nature or are in any other way
   distracting, are prohibited.
3. Excessively baggy or tight clothing and clothing which advertises gang
   symbols or affiliation is prohibited.
4. Items of clothing which expose bare midriffs, bare chests, undergarments or
   are transparent (see-through) are prohibited. Tank tops with straps wider   
   than one inch are permitted. Please be advised that spaghetti straps, 
   shirts which expose a bare back, halter tops, and tube tops are prohibited.
5. Excessive accessories such as hanging chains and hanging suspenders are not
   allowed.
6. All shoes must fully cover the toe and heel. Sandals, flip-flops, clogs, or
   other styles that do not completely cover the foot are not allowed.
   Tennis/athletic style shoes must be worn daily.
8. Any item of clothing deemed unsuitable for Camp by a member of staff is
   prohibited. 

If any camper is not following the dress code, the parent/guardian will be
called for a change of clothes. Repeated violations of the dress code can
result in suspension and/or expulsion from camp.

# Items Not Allowed at Camp

Super Awesome Cool assumes no responsbility for the loss of camper's
belongings. Lost and found items will be disposed of ***EVERY FRIDAY***. Pleae
check your child's backpack to ensure that they are not bringing inappropriate
items to camp. **We reserve the right to search children's belongings**

***Please do not allow your child(ren) to bring any items including but not
limited to***:

* Radios, CD Players, MP3 players, iPods, or CDs.
* Hand-held games (Gameboy, PSP, etc)
* Skateboards or skates
* NO SHOES WITH WHEELS PERMITTED AT ANY TIME
* Purses, wallets
* Valuable jewelry
* Toys of any ind
* collector cards
* Gum
* NO MONEY ALLOWED AT ANY TIME
* Any item that may cause harm to another person
* Any item of value

***PLEASE DO NOT SEND CHILDREN TO CAMP WITH CELL PHONES***
***All Cellphones will be taken away immediately***

Cell phones are a high cost item and there is no need for them. Staff members
will always be able to contact each other at all times. Should your child
*need* to contact you, a phone will be available. If there is an emergency,
please contact [???].

# Movies
**We will show movies at camp that are rated G and PG.**

If there are any movies you do not feel comfortable letting your child watch,
please let us know.

# Medicine

Neccessary prescription medications can be brought to camp and given directly to [???] for safe storage and administration. Over the counter medication **will not** be accepted.

Medication must adhere to the following guidelines:

1. Medications must be in the original container
2. Medications must be labeled with the child's name, physician's name, and
   prescribed dosage or written orders from the physician.
3. Medications must be brought to camp and picked up by parent or responsible
   adult
4. Appropriate authorization form must be completed before medication will be
   administered.
  
 